---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Self-Invoicing

Facturapi allows you to have a microsite with your company's logo and colors,
where your customers can enter their tax information and convert their receipt
into an invoice.

This implementation is done by creating a [Digital Receipt](/docs/guides/receipts)
with the sale information. Each created receipt contains a link to the
self-invoicing microsite in the `self_invoice_url` property, with the following
format:


```
https://factura.space/<DOMAIN>/<RECEIPT_KEY>
```

where `<RECEIPT_KEY>` is the auto-generated alphanumeric key of the receipt
(`key` property), and `<DOMAIN>` is the domain selected by the organization
in the receipt configuration.

Example:

```
https://factura.space/facturapi/rx5WApXR
```

## While developing

To select the domain for your organization, an active subscription in Facturapi
is required.

During the development stage, and until you choose a domain, the domain for all
your receipts will be `demo`.

## Selecting the self-invoicing domain

If you have an active subscription, you can select a domain for an organization
from the [Receipt Settings](https://dashboard.facturapi.io/settings/receipts)
section in the dashboard or by calling the
[Choose self-invoicing domain](/api/#operation/editOrganizationDomain) method
from the API.

Once a domain is chosen, we will automatically assign the `self_invoice_url`
field to contain a URL address that you can send to your customer to complete
their tax information and convert their receipt into an invoice.

You can also instruct your customers to visit `https://factura.space/<DOMAIN>`
and provide them with the separate key from the `key` field, which they can
enter on the site to access their receipt.

## Expiration date

The receipt can only be invoiced while its `status` attribute has the value
`open`; that is, while it has not been invoiced or canceled. An open receipt
can be invoiced at any time through the API. However, the self-invoicing portal
will not allow invoices to be generated for receipts after their expiration
date (`expires_at` field), which is calculated at the time of creating the
receipt based on the `invoicing_period` and `duration_days` fields from
[receipt settings](/docs/guides/receipts/).

For example, if your invoicing period is monthly and your duration days for
invoicing are 7, the receipt will expire either 7 days after its issuance date
or on the last day of the month, whichever comes first. It is important to note
that the receipt expiration only affects the self-invoicing portal. Receipts
can be invoiced through the API at any time.
